1:
Commercial experience in manual/automated testing from 1 year.

Knowledge of Playwright (preferred) or Selenium at the level of writing simple automated tests .

Understanding the principles of client-server interaction in the context of web applications.

Ability to create clear test cases , checklists and defect reports .

Basic understanding of the CI/CD process (familiarity with GitHub Actions would be a big plus).

Basic understanding of Docker (for running local environments).
---
2:
Understand how servers work and interact via API;
Worked with Unity Editor and version control systems like Git;
Have basic coding or command line skills;
You love playing different genres and understand what players want.
---
3:
Experience in testing complex systems from 2 years.

Confident knowledge of SQL, ability to create queries to verify data.

Understanding the principles of REST API, microservice architecture, message brokers.

Skills in designing test cases and test plans.

Proper recording of testing results and preparation of bug reports.


----
4:
Working with Jira, Git, Docker, SQL (MariaDB/PostgreSQL).

Understanding of Agile/Scrum , client-server interaction.

Basic knowledge of PHP/JavaScript (for log analysis).

Experience with Postman, Swagger (API testing).
✔ Manual and automated testing of MIS functionality.
✔ Writing test cases, checklists, bug reports (Jira).
✔ Regression, integration, load testing. ✔ API
testing (Postman, Swagger) and system fault tolerance . ✔ Interaction with developers to reproduce and fix bugs . ✔ Test automation (Selenium, Codeception — as needed).
---
5
Understanding the principles of client-server architecture testing;
Experience in static testing;
Experience interacting with automated tests;
Experience with message brokers (e.g. Kafka, RabbitMQ);
Experience with SQL and NoSQL DBMS
Practice of Shift-left approach in testing;
Advanced mobile testing experience.
---
6
Experience in QA from 2 years
Knowledge of testing methods
Experience with bug tracking systems (YouTrack, Jira)
Experience with Fiddler/Charles
Experience with Postman
Experience with test management systems (TestRai)l;
Good understanding of how client-server applications work
Basic knowledge of json, xml (ability to navigate, edit, change the structure, if necessary)
Ability to identify system vulnerabilities, ability to search for defects
Analytical mind, logical thinking, responsibility
Communication skills, independence in work, high learning ability
-----
7
Experience in manual and automated testing from 2 years;

Practical skills in API testing automation;

Confident knowledge of Pytest + Selenium ;

Knowledge of SQL and understanding of the principles of relational databases;

Knowledge of testing theory;

Skills in working with logs;

Experience using DevTools in the testing process;

Experience with Swagger and Postman tools ;

Ability to create and maintain test documentation.
---
8
Knowledge of tools for testing and collecting analytics (Git, Unity, Charles, Firebase, TestFlight, Android Studio)
---
9
Higher education in the field of information technology or construction;

Experience in manual testing, including integration testing ( XML );

Skills in writing test documentation and requirements analysis (decomposition, identification of "gray areas");

Understanding the task life cycle and principles of client-server architecture;

Working with bug tracking systems ( Jira , etc.).

